策略组

[policy]
static=AdBlock, reject, direct, img-url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GeQ1an/Rules/master/QuantumultX/IconSet/AdBlock.png
static=KMedia, direct, Outside, img-url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Koolson/Qure/master/IconSet/KR.png
static=Apple, direct, Outside, img-url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GeQ1an/Rules/master/QuantumultX/IconSet/Apple.png
static=CMedia, direct, proxy, img-url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GeQ1an/Rules/master/QuantumultX/IconSet/CMedia.png
static=GMedia, Outside, direct, img-url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GeQ1an/Rules/master/QuantumultX/IconSet/GMedia.png
static=Netflix, GMedia, direct, img-url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GeQ1an/Rules/master/QuantumultX/IconSet/Netflix.png
static=Spotify, GMedia, direct, img-url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Koolson/Qure/master/IconSet/Spotify.png
static=YouTube, GMedia, direct, img-url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GeQ1an/Rules/master/QuantumultX/IconSet/YouTube.png
static=Telegram, Outside, direct, img-url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Koolson/Qure/master/IconSet/Telegram_X.png
static=Microsoft, direct, Outside, img-url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GeQ1an/Rules/master/QuantumultX/IconSet/Microsoft.png
static=PayPal, Outside, direct, img-url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GeQ1an/Rules/master/QuantumultX/IconSet/PayPal.png
static=Outside, proxy, direct, img-url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GeQ1an/Rules/master/QuantumultX/IconSet/Outside.png
static=Mainland, direct, proxy, img-url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GeQ1an/Rules/master/QuantumultX/IconSet/Mainland.png
static=Speedtest, Outside, direct, img-url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GeQ1an/Rules/master/QuantumultX/IconSet/Speedtest.png
static=Others, Outside, direct, img-url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GeQ1an/Rules/master/QuantumultX/IconSet/Others.png


分流规则

[filter_remote]
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GeQ1an/Rules/master/QuantumultX/Filter/AdBlock.list, tag=AdBlock, enabled=true
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/testquanxlist/master/main/KMedia.list, tag=KMedia, enabled=true
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GeQ1an/Rules/master/QuantumultX/Filter/Apple.list, tag=Apple, enabled=true
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GeQ1an/Rules/master/QuantumultX/Filter/CMedia.list, tag=CMedia, enabled=true
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GeQ1an/Rules/master/QuantumultX/Filter/Optional/Netflix.list, tag=Netflix, enabled=true
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GeQ1an/Rules/master/QuantumultX/Filter/Optional/Spotify.list, tag=Spotify, enabled=true
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GeQ1an/Rules/master/QuantumultX/Filter/Optional/YouTube.list, tag=YouTube, enabled=true
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GeQ1an/Rules/master/QuantumultX/Filter/GMedia.list, tag=GMedia, enabled=true
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GeQ1an/Rules/master/QuantumultX/Filter/Optional/Telegram.list, tag=Telegram, enabled=true
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GeQ1an/Rules/master/QuantumultX/Filter/Optional/Microsoft.list, tag=Microsoft, enabled=true
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GeQ1an/Rules/master/QuantumultX/Filter/Optional/PayPal.list, tag=PayPal, enabled=true
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GeQ1an/Rules/master/QuantumultX/Filter/Speedtest.list, tag=Speedtest, enabled=true
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GeQ1an/Rules/master/QuantumultX/Filter/Outside.list, tag=Outside, enabled=true
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GeQ1an/Rules/master/QuantumultX/Filter/Mainland.list, tag=Mainland, enabled=true


安装MitM

生成证书，配置证书，信任证书


重写


[rewrite_remote]

神机通用重写订阅https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DivineEngine/Profiles/master/Quantumult/Rewrite/General.conf

神机去广告重写订阅https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DivineEngine/Profiles/master/Quantumult/Rewrite/Block/Advertising.conf

神机去Youtube广告重写订阅
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DivineEngine/Profiles/master/Quantumult/Rewrite/Block/YouTubeAds.conf
